Put Links & Description to Videos docs page (#449)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 6.x/getting-started-videos.md

<a name="video-2"></a>
<h2 class="mb-7">2. Installation & Setup</h2>

> Let's setup a laravel project and follow the Backpack installation to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's setup a Laravel project and follow the Backpack installation.
```

<div class='mx-n1 mt-7 embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/840026719' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

<br>
Mentioned in this video:
- [Laravel docs - create project](https://laravel.com/docs/master/installation#your-first-laravel-project)
- [Backpack docs - installation](/docs/{{version}}/installation)

----

<a name="video-3"></a>
<h2 class="mb-7">3. Look & Feel - Introduction to Backpack Themes</h2>

> Watch! how to customize the look & feel of admin panel, setup a bootstrap theme of your choice.

Reviewer: A quick intro to Backpack themes - how to customize the look & feel of your admin panel, or use a Bootstrap theme of your choice.

<div class='mx-n1 mt-7 embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/840030924' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

<br>
Mentioned in this video:
- [About Themes](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/base-themes)
- [V6 Demo](https://demo-v6.backpackforlaravel.com/admin)

----

<a name="video-4"></a>
<h2 class="mb-7">4. Dashboard</h2>

> Let's place some content on the admin dashboard using backpack widgets. It's super easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's place some content on the admin dashboard using Backpack widgets - it's super easy.
```

Go from idea to full CRUD in seconds! Quickly build an admin panel for your Eloquent models using a web interface to generate migrations, models and CRUDs.

<div class='mx-n1 mt-7 embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/840033334' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

<br>
Mentioned in this video:
- [DevTools - about](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/generating-code#web-interface-devtools-premium)
- [DevTools - installation](https://backpackforlaravel.com/products/devtools)

----

<a name="video-7"></a>
<h2 class="mb-7">7. List Operation</h2>

Now we'll see, how to list records using `List Operation` & `columns`.

<div class='mx-n1 mt-7 embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/840033945' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

<br>
Mentioned in this video:
- [List operation](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/crud-operation-list-entries)
- [50+ Columns](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/crud-columns)

----

<a name="video-8"></a>
<h2 class="mb-7">8. Create & Update Operations</h2>

> Similarly, we'll setup Create & Update Operation using `fields`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's do a deeper dive into Backpack form - particularly the ones in the Create & Update operations, who use Backpack fields, another important feature.
```

<div class='mx-n1 mt-7 embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/840035385' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

<br>
Mentioned in this video:
- [Create Operation](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/crud-operation-create)
- [Update Operation](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/crud-operation-update)
- [50+ Fields](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/crud-fields)

----

<a name="video-9"></a>
<h2 class="mb-7">9. Show & Delete Operations</h2>

> To setup the Show & Delete operation, just follow the steps in the video. You'll see, they are totally similar to the above operations. Easy Peasy!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's also address some easy operations - Show & Delete operation. You'll see they are very similar to the ones above.
```

<div class='mx-n1 mt-7 embed-container'><iframe src='https://player.vimeo.com/video/840035558' frameborder='0' webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe></div>

<br>
Mentioned in this video:
- [Delete operation](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/crud-operation-delete)
- [Show operation](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/crud-operation-show)
- [50+ Columns](https://backpackforlaravel.com/docs/{{version}}/crud-columns)

----

<a name="video-10"></a>
<h2 class="mb-7">10. Reorder & BulkClone Operations</h2>

> Want a ready interface to reorder or duplicate the entries? The following operations got you covered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are two other operation you will most likely need - they will help you reorder or duplicate the entries.
```
